[News] 2021-02-12 (#558)
sider/sider-docs: docs/news/2021.md

---

## New analysis tool: Slim-Lint

<time class="news-date" datetime="2021-02-10">February 10, 2021</time>

We are pleased to announce that [**Slim-Lint**](../tools/ruby/slim-lint.md) is newly supported! 🎉

> This tool is designed to detect issues in the [Slim](http://slim-lang.com) language (a template language for Ruby).

Author: > __[Goodcheck]__ Use `https://` instead of `http://` if available ([view](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/558#issue-5384445))
>
> <details>
>
> | Rule |
> | ---- |
> | `sider.sider-docs.https_url` |
>
> You can [close this issue](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/558#issue-5384445) if no need to fix it. [Learn more](https://help.sider.review/getting-started/working-with-issues).
>
> </details>

I closed this issue, because:
- When the URL does not support `https:`

> Especially, the tool can be easily integrated with [RuboCop](../tools/ruby/rubocop.md).

Reviewer: I think "especially" is typically used to emphasize something out of others. This understanding might be wrong, but I want to know why "Especially" is required here.

Author: Because I think users should get more advantages from RuboCop issues, but I cannot find a good expression. Do you have any idea?

Reviewer: How about borrowing this description? It looks the same you wanted to say.

https://github.com/sds/slim-lint/#slim-lint

> slim-lint is a tool to help keep your Slim files clean and readable. In addition to style and lint checks, it integrates with RuboCop to bring its powerful static analysis tools to your Slim templates.

Author: Considering the copyright problem, I think we should not borrow the original expression, right?

Reviewer: I'm not sure. Any quote is not permitted?

By the way, If I were a writer, I would write this, borrowing the original descritpion.

> Slim-Lint is designed to detect issues in [Slim]((http://slim-lang.com)) files. It is inherently coordinated with RuboCop, so you can easily integrate them.

Author: Quoting is permitted, but it may be too long here.

Your suggestion looks better to me! Could you please leave a *suggestion comment* in this PR?

Reviewer: Thanks. I understood it's too long to be quoted :pray: 

https://github.com/sider/sider-docs/pull/558/files/dab02a5f92b616123b3cc2067996ea2a45dab2cb#r573400925

> This tool is designed to detect issues in the [Slim](http://slim-lang.com) language (a template language for Ruby).
> Especially, the tool can be easily integrated with [RuboCop](../tools/ruby/rubocop.md).

Reviewer: This suggestion is from [here](https://github.com/sider/sider-docs/pull/558#discussion_r573395294).

```suggestion
Slim-Lint is designed to detect issues in [Slim]((http://slim-lang.com)) files. It is inherently coordinated with [RuboCop](../tools/ruby/rubocop.md), so you can easily integrate them.
```

Author: Thanks!
